hey guys it's Mina and I'm Aisha and we
have decided that we are going to shave
our heads bulb now one of the reasons
that we have decided to do that was
because we've always been wanting to do
that ever since very I've been wanting
to do it for like the past ten years
because my hair is like really bad I
know it looks good right now I've been
having like few good hair day these past
two or three days but I know my hair's
gonna turn on me but if you see them in
those hair that's like really how my
hair is like okay it's just being good
right now it's being nice so I'm gonna
do it we're both gonna do it for that
reason many want to tell another reason
wound because my head is like Jupiter
it's big it has a red spot
and also because I don't like my hair
and I haven't liked magnet for the past
five six years and
show everybody that
that don't need to be a boy and honestly
I don't care about all you people who
think oh like I don't care what you
think so if you want to call me insane
I don't care um pretty much hair is like
it we're trying to prove that also hair
doesn't define who you are
it's your actions and what you say that
define you so that's just gonna prove
something right there cuz I'm doing it
not because you know because of like all
these crazy reasons but because also
it's it doesn't make me who I am you
know and having nice hair and looking
good and being pretty beautiful is like
very subjective it almost is kind of
like being rich in a sense you know if
you're rich and you have a lot of money
people like you because you have money
and that's it but if you don't have
money if you really don't care about you
you know you have to have a good
personality for people to like you if
you don't have any money
other than that you're just forever
alone you know I mean so looking good
and being pretty and being beautiful and
having nice hair it's kind of like being
rich you know and if you don't have nice
hair anymore all you're forcing people
to look at at that point is who you are
you know not they're not looking at you
physically anymore you know they have to
look at you for who you are and I'm
going to force people to look at me for
who I am not what I have going to be
doing that's why we're doing it
and think they made her happy everybody
else around without thinking she though
you love yourself is confident than
everybody else people exactly I mean and
plus it's just gonna be easier to
maintain you don't have to maintain a
bald head you know no yeah I mean and
like I can actually put this on easier
if I had a bald head you know see how I
have to like fix it and stuff like that
because of my hair
I wouldn't have to worry about that I
got this from Egypt by the way you know
when I went there but also sit I mean
since we're Egyptian Egyptians were
naturally they they had bald heads and
they used to decorating things like this
you know like King Tut and Cleopatra and
Queen Nefertiti and all them they were
bald okay they just put all this stuff
on their head that make them eight
people with exactly they were like wigs
pretty much so we're just going back to
our old roots you know I mean so and and
plus we're gonna show people in our age
ranges like we have a long age range age
range that we're going to yeah that
we're going to be showing to people like
Midna how old a she's 14 I'm 22 we're
showing girls that are from the ages of
14 through 22 and probably a little bit
more older and younger that you don't
have to be like so beautiful with your
hair and stuff like that to to get
attention or to be
to be known as a good person you can let
people know who you are by what you say
and what you do and that will make
people respect you so yeah I mean there
are a lot of reasons why we're shaving
our head bald not just because we have
ugly hair and we want it to grow out and
start fresh but because we want to show
people that that's not what makes you
that's not what defines you all right
and so we'll see you guys back soon and
the next time you see us we won't have
this oh good